added Upstash Integration (#2138)
DataDog/integrations-extras: upstash/README.md

Upstash utilizes the Redis and Kafka APIs, and is designed for:

* Serverless functions (AWS Lambda)
* Cloudflare Workers
* Fastly Compute@Edge
* Next.js Edge, Remix, and more
* Client-side web or mobile applications
* AI development
* WebAssembly and other environments where HTTP is preferred over TCP connections

## Setup

### Installation

Visit [Upstash][4] to sign up for free. Once registered, visit the [Upstash integration tile][5] in Datadog and install the integration. Once installed, navigate to the **Configure** tab and click **Connect Accounts**. This will guide you through the Datadog OAuth flow to grant Upstash access to your database metrics.

### Uninstallation

To remove the Datadog integration from Upstash, navigate to the [Upstash integrations page][1] and click **Remove**. Additionally, uninstall this integration from Datadog by clicking the **Uninstall Integration** button on the [integration tile][5]. Once you uninstall this integration, any previous authorizations are revoked.

Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for `upstash` on the [API Keys management page][3].

> ## Support

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Data Collected

### Metrics

See [metadata.csv][6] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.

### Events

The Upstash integration does not include any events.
 
### Service Checks

The Upstash integration does not include any service checks.

## Support
```

Author: done

> Need help? Contact [Upstash support](mailto:support@upstash.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Need help? Contact [Upstash support][7].
```

Author: done

[1]: https://console.upstash.com/integration/datadog

> [2]: https://upstash.com

Reviewer: [6] wont work now, will work when this integration tile is live.

```suggestion
[2]: https://upstash.com
[3]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys?filter=Upstash
[4]: https://upstash.com
[5]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations/upstash
[6]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/upstash/metadata.csv
[7]: mailto:support@upstash.com
```

# Upstash

## Overview

Upstash is serverless data provider enabling Redis®, Kafka, or messaging/scheduling solutions for diverse range of applications while solving for speed, simplicity and best developer experience. Specifically it utilizes Redis and Kafka API and designed for:

> * Serverless functions (AWS Lambda ...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Serverless functions (AWS Lambda)
```

Author: done 👍

> * Cloudflare Workers (see the example)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Cloudflare Workers
```

Author: done 👍

* Fastly Compute@Edge

> * Next.js Edge, Remix ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Next.js Edge, Remix, and more
```

Author: done 👍

> * Client side web/mobile applications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Client-side web or mobile applications
```

Author: done 👍

* Next.js Edge, Remix, and more
* Client-side web or mobile applications
* AI development

> * WebAssembly and other environments where HTTP is preferred over TCP connections

Reviewer 2: The overview should include:

1. What does your product do (in 1-2 sentences)?
2. What will customers get from this integration, and why is it valuable to them?
3. What types of data will your integration send in or pull out, and what's the value of that data?

Author: Hello I added required topics that you want and also the first item is already covered in top of the Overview section.Could you please check this again.

Thanks in advance

> * WebAssembly and other environments where HTTP is preferred over TCP connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* WebAssembly and other environments where HTTP is preferred over TCP connections
```

### Installation

Visit [Upstash][4] to sign up for free. Once registered, visit the [Upstash integrations page][1] and add a Datadog integration. This guides you through the Datadog OAUTH2 flow to grant Upstash access to your database metrics.

### Configuration

## Uninstallation

> To remove the Datadog integration from Upstash, navigate to the [Upstash integrations page][1] and click **Remove**. Additionally, uninstall this integration from Datadog by clicking the **Uninstall Integration** button below. Once you uninstall this integration, any previous authorizations are revoked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove the Datadog integration from Upstash, navigate to the [Upstash integrations page][1] and click **Remove**. Additionally, uninstall this integration from Datadog by clicking the **Uninstall Integration** button on the [integration tile][5]. Once you uninstall this integration, any previous authorizations are revoked.
```

Author: done 👍

> Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the [API Keys management page][3].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the `upstash` integration name on the [API Keys page][3].
```

Author: done 👍

> 
> Need help? Contact [Upstash support][7].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Data Collected

### Metrics

See [metadata.csv][6] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.
### Events
The Upstash integration does not include any events.
 
### Service Checks

The Upstash integration does not include any service checks.

## Support
Need help? Contact [Upstash support][7].
```

Reviewer 3: Just a friendly bump on these changes

Reviewer 4: @WoodProgrammer can you please commit these changes as well? thanks!

Need help? Contact [Upstash support](mailto:support@upstash.com).

[1]: https://console.upstash.com/integration/datadog
[2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/oauth-applications
[3]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys?filter=Upstash

> [4]: https://upstash.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[4]: https://upstash.com
[5]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations/upstash
```

Reviewer 4: Bumping this comment

# Upstash

## Overview

Upstash is a serverless data provider enabling Redis®, Kafka, and messaging/scheduling solutions for a diverse range of applications that provides speed, simplicity, and a seamless developer experience. 

Upstash utilizes the Redis and Kafka APIs, and is designed for:

* Serverless functions (AWS Lambda)
* Cloudflare Workers
* Fastly Compute@Edge
* Next.js Edge, Remix, and more
* Client-side web or mobile applications
* AI development
* WebAssembly and other environments where HTTP is preferred over TCP connections

## Setup

### Installation

> Visit [Upstash][4] to sign up for free. Once registered, visit the [Upstash integrations page][1] and add a Datadog integration. This guides you through the Datadog OAUTH2 flow to grant Upstash access to your database metrics.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Visit [Upstash][4] to sign up for free. Once registered, visit the [Upstash integration tile][5] in Datadog and install the integration. Once installed, navigate to the **Configure** tab and click **Connect Accounts**. This will guide you through the Datadog OAuth flow to grant Upstash access to your database metrics.
```

> ### Configuration

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

## Uninstallation

To remove the Datadog integration from Upstash, navigate to the [Upstash integrations page][1] and click **Remove**. Additionally, uninstall this integration from Datadog by clicking the **Uninstall Integration** button on the [integration tile][5]. Once you uninstall this integration, any previous authorizations are revoked.

> Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the `upstash` integration name on the [API Keys page][3].

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for `upstash` on the [API Keys management page][3].
```

Author: done

# Upstash

## Overview

> Upstash is a serverless data provider enabling Redis®, Kafka, and messaging/scheduling solutions for a diverse range of applications that provides speed, simplicity, and a seamless developer experience. 
> 
> Upstash utilizes the Redis and Kafka APIs, and is designed for:
> 
> * Serverless functions (AWS Lambda)
> * Cloudflare Workers
> * Fastly Compute@Edge
> * Next.js Edge, Remix, and more
> * Client-side web or mobile applications
> * AI development
> * WebAssembly and other environments where HTTP is preferred over TCP connections

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Upstash is a serverless data provider enabling Redis®, Kafka, and messaging/scheduling solutions for a diverse range of applications that provides speed, simplicity, and a seamless developer experience. Upstash utilizes the Redis and Kafka APIs, and is designed for:

* Serverless functions (AWS Lambda)
* Cloudflare Workers
* Fastly Compute@Edge
* Next.js Edge, Remix, and more
* Client-side web or mobile applications
* AI development
* WebAssembly and other environments where HTTP is preferred over TCP connections
```

> Upstash can push calculated metrics into Datadog to:
> 
> * Through Upstash integration you will be able to add Upstash metrics to your centralized monitoring stack and gain a more comprehensive view
> 
> * Upstash will achieve this by submitting in the following metrics:
>     * Hit/Miss Rate
>     * Read/Write Latency (p99)
>     * Keyspace
>     * Number of Connections
>     * Bandwidth
>     * Total Data Size
>     * Throughput

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this integration, Upstash pushes calculated metrics to centralize your monitoring stack and gain a comprehensive view of your data including: 
    * Hit/Miss Rate
    * Read/Write Latency (p99)
    * Keyspace
    * Number of Connections
    * Bandwidth
    * Total Data Size
    * Throughput
```

# Upstash

## Overview

> Upstash is a serverless data provider enabling Redis®, Kafka, and messaging/scheduling solutions for a diverse range of applications that provides speed, simplicity, and a seamless developer experience. Upstash utilizes the Redis and Kafka APIs, and is designed for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upstash is a serverless data provider enabling Redis®, Kafka, and messaging/scheduling solutions for a diverse range of applications that provides speed, simplicity, and a seamless developer experience. Upstash uses the Redis and Kafka APIs, and is designed for:
```

* Serverless functions (AWS Lambda)
* Cloudflare Workers
* Fastly Compute@Edge
* Next.js Edge, Remix, and more
* Client-side web or mobile applications
* AI development
* WebAssembly and other environments where HTTP is preferred over TCP connections

> With this integration, Upstash pushes calculated metrics to centralize your monitoring stack and gain a comprehensive view of your data including: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To centralize your monitoring stack and enable a comprehensive view of your data, the Upstash integration sends the following metrics to Datadog:
```

    * Hit/Miss Rate
    * Read/Write Latency (p99)
    * Keyspace
    * Number of Connections
    * Bandwidth
    * Total Data Size
    * Throughput

## Setup

### Installation

> Visit [Upstash][4] to sign up for free. Once registered, visit the [Upstash integration tile][5] in Datadog and install the integration. Once installed, navigate to the **Configure** tab and click **Connect Accounts**. This will guide you through the Datadog OAuth flow to grant Upstash access to your database metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit [Upstash][4] to sign up for free. Once registered, visit the [Upstash integration tile][5] in Datadog and install the integration. Once installed, navigate to the **Configure** tab and click **Connect Accounts**. This guides you through the Datadog OAuth flow to grant Upstash access to your database metrics.
```
